Document known issues in beta1 (#2057)
elastic/cloud-on-k8s: docs/release-notes/highlights-1.0.0-beta1.asciidoc

The 1.0.0-beta version of the operator does not delete resources created by older versions of the operator, but it also does not manage them. 
Attempting to delete resources created with a 0.9.0 version will hang if ECK 1.0.0-beta1 is running. Please see the <<{p}-1.0.0-beta1-backwards-compatibility, upgrading documentation>> for more information.

[float]
[id="{p}-known-issues-1.0.0-beta1"]
=== Known Issues
The following are known issues that will be addressed in the next release:

[float]
==== Native realm disabled
The native realm is incorrectly disabled by default. Users can reenable the native realm by https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/configuring-native-realm.html[adding it to the realm chain] in their
Elasticsearch configuration (link:https://github.com/elastic/cloud-on-k8s/issues/2037[#2037])

[float]
==== Memory leak in the ECK process

> The operator process is slowly leaking memory which will eventually lead to an out of memory situation and a restart of the operator process. There is no workaround. Managed workloads are not affected. (https://github.com/elastic/cloud-on-k8s/issues/1984[#1984])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The operator process is slowly leaking memory which will eventually lead to an out of memory situation and a restart of the operator process. The operator is designed to be resilient to restarts and will resume functioning once it is restarted. Managed resources (Elasticsearch, Kibana, etc) are not affected. There is no workaround.  (https://github.com/elastic/cloud-on-k8s/issues/1984[#1984])
```

I was wondering how we could phrase "Managed workloads are not affected" better, but was struggling with what that might be. I took a stab at it?
